you are from well you were born in New
York and then you moved to London when
you're a how old I was about full five
four or five so how do you learn the
specific American accent that no one can
detect thank you um I mean I was born
there so I kind of learned to speak as
an American accent but then when we
moved I continued to watch far too much
American television it's always TV it's
always television most pleased about
when where when we were kids but uh but
it paid off at the time what shows were
you watching that you learn this accent
between the Teenage Witch
Sabrina the TV and say by the well and
say by the girl okay so at the time did
you know you were learning the accent or
to be to use as an actor one day would
you not that is just my excuse now I see
good yeah well that would make sense yes
Wow so some good does come out of
watching television I hope that
somewhere in some may be a third world
country someone is watching us right now
and learning to talk just like me and
you play a very ambitious a wealthy girl
running for student body president did
you have do they run for king or queen
in England or how does it work you don't
have student council know we had like
head girl but that's about it
heads girl yeah
[Applause]
so is this at an all-girls school yes so
that the boys there will be head boy
also they didn't really have any any God
no you didn't have any jobs well there
are many jobs you see the head go
there's a badge I was never the Astrid
of my school I was kind of the one who
was very afraid of the school ass mother
this was in 1965 you were in high school
probably six years ago or something
nobody caught that nobody said that's an
interesting thing to put on a badge on a
child not until they see this maybe they
will rethink everything one hopes up
okay so but you did not run for that
position
I did not I had no interesting that was
not your power not now oh it's it but
you know how it goes here like kids make
posters and all that kind of stuff it's
kind of a scary thing to put that power
and chosen sounds great and positive but
uh yeah not in the Ryan Murphy high
school version not in the Ryan Murphy
version which is you got quite a group
of co-stars in this who's in this show
you got when it's Paltrow that's been
plaid and we've got January drones and
Dylan McDermott as my parents nice
you've got Bette Midler's on the show
Bette Midler Judith Light Bob Balaban
that's a good going into this and I'm
sure you got to you know hang out with
and get to know some of these people
going in though who are you most excited
to meet of of that group um I guess I
guess I was just thinking about my
parents a lot of it I mean I was kind of
terrified to meet January and Dylan she
scared of because they were playing your
parents because they are you know who
they are and and yeah I think that whole
Ryan math universe is a very
intimidating thing
yeah and it's but it does seem like once
you're in the Ryan Murphy universe you
stay in the Ryan Murphy universe which
would lead me to believe that everyone
likes
right yes himself yes he and the
creators Brad and Ian are fantastic I
mean they must be though because you see
how like like Jessica Lange or something
like that he's really yes who's always
with them I mean I remember our last day
of filming in New York and Ryan enters
you kind of approaches and comes up the
stairs wearing this floor length coat
and these huge gucci sunglasses and
everything kind of things happen in slow
motion when it's Ryan Murphy and
everyone just kind of applaud it
really I heard the whole cast went to
Disneyland yes we did why did who
arranged that that was I think the Ben's
birthday pretty early on and there's a
kind of bonding thing a lot of
storylines don't coincide so he was
always the leader of kind of bringing us
all together did you go on a bus did you
wait in line what kind of a Disneyland
experience are we talking about just
skip the line you did which was fun but
it does make you appreciate the lines a
little more when you're your fourth time
on Space Mountain and you're starting to
realize why you can benefit from having
a bit of pause between my internal
organs a suddenly not best thing right
and then the people who you are in the
line when you pass by them they want to
kill you yeah right
just looking slightly queasy ER and
suddenly everyone's slightly deterred
from Space Mountain yeah so four times
on Space Mountain
yeah and then we had it was a long day
and then we got kind of we've got a van
on the way there and it was fun but then
we go to party bus on the way back which
seemed such a good idea until on the way
home everybody else fell asleep oh
really
and it's kind of flashing lights and
then you're just gonna just me you're
the only one awake yeah man Zoey shuttle
you there in a van it started it made
sense if well you know keep the potty
guys psyching over the border or going
to
well I have a feeling there's gonna be
one of those huge hits that people are
you know become obsessed with in various
perhaps alarming ways it is kind of
concerning how much they've they kind of
appreciate I was like all right that's a
show everyone's gonna watch yeah yeah
now every single billboard along sunsets
pretty well it's very good to see you
the show's called the politician it's
out on Netflix now Lucy Boynton
everybody thanks for watching and
remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed